all right so this is one of the most
unique PC gaming products I've seen this
year this glass box is razors upcoming
gaming PC they're calling it the razor
tomahawk and this particular unit is an
early prototype that they showed at CES
earlier this year
there's no planned announcement for it
anytime soon but I wanted to show you
guys what this and was all about now to
explain what this is and what why this
is even in the studio I have to talk
about this this is Intel's nook 9 this
is a small form-factor computer made by
Intel it's very capable it's running a
desktop grade RT X 27 t inside this very
small compact case this is a 5 liter
case I believe it's very small they had
to do a few things to be able to fit
everything in here so it's running a
laptop CPU it's still an 8 core
overclockable CPU but it's not a desktop
CPU and the video card here even though
it is a desktop video card is a shorty
this holds one of these 187 millimeter
video cards they're available right
companies do make shorties but they're
just not as common as a full-sized
desktop card now all that aside the big
thing I didn't love about the neck 9
when I first saw it was the aesthetic
it's so plain to me the Intel
performance nuts are usually really
cool-looking but this one it looks like
a generic block box which some people
might like but it's just not for me
now I remember when Intel did this
announcement they said that there were
other partner companies that were also
making these mini systems and Razer was
one of them and this razor tomahawk was
their iteration of it and this one can
take full-size desktop GPUs as well as
looking so much cooler than this thing
so I reached out to raise I was like yo
I I know you guys have this I saw
pictures and videos of it can you you
know can you lend it to me so I can can
i I want to do the exchange right
because these are modular systems you
can take the internals of this thing
like the Intel nook and put it into this
thing so that's what we're doing today
now the way these things work because
they're modular systems inside this
machine there's two main components
there's the GPU which is the desktop
video card attack mode which in this
case is the Asus shorty and then there's
the heart of the whole system which is
Intel calls it the compute element and
inside this mod
jool it's got the motherboard the CPU
the RAM and the storage it's all inside
this package the RAM and the storage are
user replaceable but the CPU is not
that's baked on so the idea is you can
purchase one load it up with the RAM and
storage that you'd like and then in a
few years time when Intel comes out with
an upgrade let's say in like two years
time there's a 12th gen available and
it's totally on 14 nanometers you can
buy that 12th gen module and transfer
your 10th gen stuff or whatever is your
older stuff transfer it into the new one
and now you have a fully upgraded
compute element and that's the idea
behind this whole system right it allows
a certain degree of modularity now I
think the plan is for razer to sell the
tomahawk as a completed gang system
right fully loaded ready to go so you
don't have to do any building like this
but because I'm transferring stuff from
the Intel nook into this I have to build
it so there's like a tray or a sled that
holds the components and this time we're
using a full-length r-tx 2080 because
this case can hold full-length desktop
gps and then on the other side we slot
in the computer element so in these
systems there's actually a third nvme on
the base PCB but if you populate that
thing you're gonna use up PCIe lanes
which ends up reducing lanes on your
graphics cards so I think most people
just use the two nvme slots inside the
compute element but once you have this
thing connect it all up you take this
thing and you slide it into the glass
box now there's two things to note first
is that because this is a super early
prototype sample thing the exact
configuration and orientation or
everything here is not finalized right
this is all subject to change as they
kind of figure stuff out the second
thing is that the fans on the top of the
system they're not powered like there's
no cable that connects it to the
motherboard so those fans are not
functional in this particular unit but
it is a functional system otherwise now
performance I mean that's the thing
right like how good does this thing do
it's good like that Intel compute
element delivers now with games it's all
about your video card and when you can
stick a desktop GPU into these systems
they just push up crazy performance that
8-core chip can deliver very solid
multi-core performance and if I bump the
PL one water it goes even harder and
thermally that compute element is
weirdly
it's running a vapor chamber and because
they're not super concerned about like
the vertical height of that module its
noticeably quieter than an equivalently
equipped laptop I think these vans just
have an easier time cooling this
particular system down so I built this
crazy RGB setup with some of the Razer
stuff I have and this would probably be
like a dream set up for a Razer fan you
got the tomahawk you got the Huntsman
teehee their optical keyboard you got
the new Viper ultimate fantastic mouse I
think it's the best wireless mouse on
the market right now
you got the Razer wireless charger I
would put a Razer phone 2 on there but
that thing's a little dated and you also
have the Razer Raptor their 27-inch
gaming monitor with that waterfall of
Razer green cables coming out the back
this setup is fully Razer with RGB
everywhere now in terms of pricing I
have no idea how much the tomahawk is
gonna cost I feel like it can't be cheap
right the the base necks are already
really expensive these can only be more
expensive I don't even know if Razer
knows how much this is gonna cost at
this point but it is something that they
plan on bringing out this isn't like
some vaporware project this is
legitimately a product that they plan on
releasing and yeah it's gonna be pretty
cool when it does come out I'm glad that
Razer let me bring this into the studio
to show you guys because it's it's
pretty unique
alright hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subs we loved it see
you guys next time
[Music]